docs: Add instructions for fetching tags when using a fork of the scripts repository (#430)
flatcar/flatcar-website: content/docs/latest/reference/developer-guides/sdk-modifying-flatcar.md

$ cd scripts
```

> **If you are using a fork**: When working with a fork of the scripts repository, you need to fetch the tags from the upstream repository to avoid build errors. Fork repositories don't include tags by default, which can cause the SDK container setup to fail with "fatal: No names found, cannot describe anything."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you are using a fork**: When working with a fork of the scripts repository, you need to ensure all release branches are included in the fork, and all tags from the upstream repository are present, too.

The SDK container wrapper script `run_sdk_container` requires release tags in our release branches and fails to start if no release branch is present (see e.g. https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/issues/1705).

When using GitHub's "fork" feature, please **make sure to fork all branches**, not just `main`. Forking only `main` is the default on GitHub,

If you have forked manually, please make sure to include all tags. You can retrofit upstream tags to a fork by using e.g.:
```
